{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red67\green67\blue67;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c33333\c33333\c33333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Dear Independent order of Odd Fellows grand lodge of Washington,\cb1 \
\
\cb3 My name is Michito Iwata. I am writing to request membership information.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 A little bit about me - I was born in the Japanese highlands and spent my youth there until my family decided to migrate to the states in the early 90s. A good part of my adulthood has been spent serving the city of Seattle's arts and music community - helping to keep the culture active and alive. This unfortunately has suffered a devastating affect due to COVID19. Given the changing landscape of both Seattle and the world economy, I have redirected my efforts towards IT and Programming with a focus on Cyber Security.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 My interests include: technology, history, programming, cyber security, geo-politics, sociology, music production and generally practicing and promoting kinship. I have also enjoyed connection with select young adults, sharing general experience and knowledge I have gained, and teaching audio production and music performance.\'a0\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Overall, I consider myself to be curious, detail oriented, and love helping people. I believe I have lived a fairly unique life and I am hoping that I will be a strong asset to the organization. I would love to speak more with a representative about the process for becoming a member.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Thank you kindly in advance for your time,\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Sincerely,\cb1 \
\cb3 Michito Iwata\
}